Robert Cooper
Security Guard

Los Angeles
3868683442

Safety conscious, attentive Security Guard with eight years experience in protecting and guarding VIP individuals in the military and defense sectors. Proficient at observing surroundings and immediate settings for possible threats of nonhuman and human nature. Presently finishing a bachelor’s in criminal justice and qualified as a CPO (Certified Protection Guard). 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: 1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: Full
  Hobbies: Running, Mtb, Enduro

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * LinkedIn: xxxx
  * Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.es/resumeviking/
  * Resume Templates: https://www.resumeviking.com/templates/
  * Build this template: https://resume.io/?id=cpdokyF1

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★★ Spanish
  ★★★★☆ Italian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Investigation skills
  ★★★★★ Safety compliance
  ★★★★★ Criminal justice knowledge
  ★★★★★ Restraining devices
  ★★★★★ Martial arts/Physical combat training

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2021 – April 2022
    Security Guard at ADT Security, Port Washington
      Responsible for completing reports by recording information, observations, occurrences, and surveillance activities, including interviewing of witnesses and acquiring signatures.


  Maintaining environments by monitoring the grounds and equipment controls.
  Logging into security headquarters on the hour during the day and every 2 hours with the night shift, notifying control of all in order statuses.
  Utilizing armed force when necessary, to protect company belongings, visitors, employees, and clients when needed. 
  Apprehending suspects in the event of security breaches and detaining them until the police arrive on the scene.



  * January 2020 – April 2022
    Security Guard at Copwatch, Jogbani
      Primary purpose is to scan area of grounds for objects/ items that seem out of place and notifying Center management of bags or packages that are unattended.

  Inspecting restrooms after closing time for vagrants/ unauthorized personnel.  
  Monitoring selected areas via CCTV app on smart devices.
  Ensure flawless equipment operation by finishing preventive maintenance necessities, reading the manufacturer's instructions, troubleshooting malfunctions, organizing for repairs if needed, and assessing new equipment and techniques



EDUCATION
  * January 2021 – April 2022
    International Foundation for Protection Guards, Alexandria Certified Protection Guard Program (CPOP)
  * April 2022 – April 2022
    ASIS International, North Naples Security Guard Certificate Program (SOCP)

    
  Course Curriculum: Law Enforcement Ethics, Foundations in Criminal Law, Report Writing, Criminal Profiling, Interviewing Techniques, Crisis Intervention.


  * January 2015 – November 2019
    Hawaii Western College,  S.A.F.E. Approach Level II Training

ACHIEVEMENTS
  * , , 

    
  Decreased theft of hotel items like linen, towels, décor pieces, and cutlery by 73% by improving vigilance strategies, particularly for guests leaving the hotel.
  Enhancing detection/monitoring procedures by having 15 360 degrees CCTV cameras installed at the back of shopping aisles and in storerooms, which cut product stock theft by 93%.
  Introduced inventive loss prevention techniques by installing an X-ray scanning system at every entrance and exit in the building, which reduced theft by 28%.
  Improved access control, which reduced unauthorized entry and solicitation by 26% using an announcement notification app, where visitors may be admitted/ declined entry straight from the employee’s smart device.


